## A New Post

Enter text in [Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/). Use the toolbar above, or click the **?** button for formatting help.##

If all the world's a stage, interludes are the stuff of pause and respite. These are the times when actors and actresses take a relieved breath, allow themselves slouch, and chatter with those around, all before being swept again onto the next scene. This theatrical rhythm is not unlike that of reality. A personal interlude may be the last thirty seconds of the new year's countdown. It may be the drive home after helping someone move into their freshman dormitory. Here, at Interludes, we aim to zoom into the moments that fill the space between the (seemingly) monumental ones. We will share small packets of themed interludes by e-mail. By reflecting and sharing with you, we hope to cultivate a greater consciousness of the smaller stories that we choose to engage and how it frames the narration of our lives. 

##Donald Glover
	It may not be obvious, but creative work involves a lot of failure married with vulnerability. If you're an optimist, you call that evolution. I'd like to believe that as well. Donald Glover is an artist that resembles a free-flowing energy that molds into whatever the fuck he wants. He experiments with different outlets of creativity. From portraying humorous characters to crooning about suicidal love, Glover puts it all out there for us to see and experience, too. It's exciting to see so much transparency in creativity, to watch an artist grow and be applauded for who he is and not what people want him to be. There was is a quote that will always stick with me. An interviewer asked how he does it all and he responded that “Whenever I do something I always get really scared, but I’m also extremely excited and happy. That’s when I know [to take the opportunity].”
	Donald Glover represents the small power that can. It took two albums for Donald Glover to reach "Because the Internet." And that is the nature of the creative process. But no one is allowed to put him on pedestal, because him as a creative is more so a human being.
That you can make an album called “Because the Internet” and then disappear entirely from the Internet. There is no success story here. Just human nature.
